Added `deploying custom model` tutorial to docs (#321)
luxonis/depthai-docs-website: source/pages/tutorials/deploying-custom-model.rst

> Deploying custom models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying Custom Models
```

=======================

> This tutorial will go through the process of deploying a custom trained (or pretrained) model to the OAK camera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial will review the process of deploying a custom trained (or pre-trained) model to the OAK camera.
```

As mentioned in  details in :ref:`Converting model to MyriadX blob` tutorial, you first need to convert the model to
OpenVINO's IR format (.xml/.bin) and then compile it to .blob in order to then deploy it to the OAK camera.

1. Face mask recognition model
------------------------------

For our first tutorial we will deploy the `SBD_Mask classification <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask>`__ model, as it

> already has pretrained .onnx model in the `/models folder <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask/tree/41c6730e6837f63c1285a0fb46f4a2143e02b7d2/model>`__.

Author: ```suggestion
already has pre-trained .onnx model in the `/models folder <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask/tree/41c6730e6837f63c1285a0fb46f4a2143e02b7d2/model>`__.
```

> already has pretrained .onnx model in the `/models folder <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask/tree/41c6730e6837f63c1285a0fb46f4a2143e02b7d2/model>`__.

Reviewer: pre-trained

> From the examples in the repo you can see that they are using CenterFace face detection model, and then SBD_Mask

Reviewer: Test

classification model to recognize whether the person (more specifically the face image) is wearing a mask.

Converting to .blob
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> 

Reviewer: Test 2

Since the `.onnx model <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask/blob/41c6730e6837f63c1285a0fb46f4a2143e02b7d2/model/sbd_mask.onnx>`__
is already provided, we don't need to export the trained model (to eg. frozen TF model). After downloading the model,
we can use `blobconverter.luxonis.com <blobconverter.luxonis.com>`__ to convert it to ``.blob``. I will be using the latest

> version of OpenVINO (2021.4 as of time of writing), and I can select ONNX Model as the source. After clicking ``Continue``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of OpenVINO (2021.4 as of time of writing), and I can select ONNX Model as the source. After clicking the ``Continue``
```

button, we can drag&drop the .onnx file to the ``Browse...`` button.

.. image:: /_static/images/tutorials/deploying-custom-model/sbd-blobconverter.png

> Before we click ``Convert``, we should double check the default values for Model Optimizer and Compile params.

Reviewer: double-check

> Before we click ``Convert``, we should double check the default values for Model Optimizer and Compile params.

Author: ```suggestion
Before we click ``Convert``, we should double-check the default values for Model Optimizer and Compile params.
```

Model optimizer parameters
""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Model optimizer converts other model formats to OpenVINO's IR format, which produces .xml/.bin files. This format of

> the model can be deployed accross multiple Intel's devices, CPU, GPU, iGPU, **VPU** (which we are interested in), and FPGA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the model can be deployed across multiple Intel devices: CPU, GPU, iGPU, **VPU** (which we are interested in), and FPGA.
```

**--data_type=FP16** will convert the model to FP16 data type. Since VPU on the OAK cameras only supports FP16,
we will want this enabled (and is there by default). More `information here <https://docs.openvino.ai/2022.1/openvino_docs_MO_DG_FP16_Compression.html#doxid-openvino-docs-m-o-d-g-f-p16-compression>`__.

> **Mean** and **Scale** will normalize the input image to the model; ``new_value = (byte - mean) / scale``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mean** and **Scale** will normalize the input image to the model: ``new_value = (byte - mean) / scale``.
```

> Color/Mono cameras on OAK camera will output frames in U8 data type (``0..255``). Models are usually trained with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Color/Mono versions of the OAK camera will output frames in U8 data type (``0..255``). Models are usually trained with
```

Author: OAK-D camera actually contains multiple cameras; 2x mono and 1x color.

We could either read the repository to find out the required input values,
or `read the code <https://github.com/sbdcv/sbd_mask/blob/41c6730e6837f63c1285a0fb46f4a2143e02b7d2/deploy.py#L10-L19>`__:

.. code-block:: python

    def classify(img_arr=None, thresh=0.5):
        blob = cv2.dnn.blobFromImage(img_arr, scalefactor=1 / 255, size=(csize, csize), mean=(0, 0, 0),
                                    swapRB=True, crop=False)
        net.setInput(blob)

        heatmap = net.forward(['349'])
        match = m_func.log_softmax(torch.from_numpy(heatmap[0][0]), dim=0).data.numpy()
        index = np.argmax(match)

        return (0 if index > thresh else 1, match[0])

These few lines actually contain both logic for decoding (which we will use later) AND contain info about the required
input values - ``scalefactor=1 / 255`` and ``mean=(0, 0, 0)``, so the pretrained model expects ``0..1`` input values.

For Model Optimizer we will use the following arguments:

.. code-block::
    --data_type=FP16 --mean_values=[0,0,0] --scale_values=[255,255,255]

Myriad X compile parameters
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> After converting model to OpenVINO's IR format (.bin/.xml), we need to use `Compile Tool <https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/openvino_inference_engine_tools_compile_tool_README.html>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After converting the model to OpenVINO's IR format (.bin/.xml), we need to use `Compile Tool <https://docs.openvino.ai/2021.4/openvino_inference_engine_tools_compile_tool_README.html>`__
```

to compile the model to ``.blob``, so it can be deployed to the camera.

Here you can select input layer precision (``-ip``) and number of shave cores used to run the model (using the slider).

**Input layer precision**: Myriad X only supports FP16 precision, so ``-ip U8`` will add conversion layer U8->FP16
on all input layers of the model - which is what we want, so we will use this default argument.

**Shaves**: Myriad X in total has 16 SHAVE cores, which are like mini GPU units. Compiling with more cores can make
the model perform faster, but the proportion of shave cores isn't linear with performance. Firmware will warn you
about possibly optimal number of shave cores, which is ``available_cores/2``, as by default, each model will run on
2 threads. I will use 6 shaves, as that's the optimal number of cores for simple pipelines (which we will create).

Compiling the model
"""""""""""""""""""

Now that we have set arguments to the blobconverter, we can click ``Convert``. This will upload the .onnx model

> to blobconverter server, run Model optimizer and Compile tool, and it the blobconverter app will prompt us to save

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to the blobconverter server, run the Model optimizer and Compile tools, and then the blobconverter app will prompt us to save
```

        y = (bbox[1] + bbox[3]) // 2
    -   cv2.putText(frame, str(age), (bbox[0], y), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (0, 0, 0), 8)
    -   cv2.putText(frame, str(age), (bbox[0], y), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (255, 255, 255), 2)
    -   cv2.putText(frame, gender_str, (bbox[0], y + 30), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (0, 0, 0), 8)
    -   cv2.putText(frame, gender_str, (bbox[0], y + 30), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (255, 255, 255), 2)
    +   cv2.putText(frame, text, (bbox[0], y + 30), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (0, 0, 0), 8) # Display Mask/No Mask text
    +   cv2.putText(frame, text, (bbox[0], y + 30), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1.5, (255, 255, 255), 2)
        if stereo:
            # You could also get detection.spatialCoordinates.x and detection.spatialCoordinates.y coordinates
            coords = "Z: {:.2f} m".format(detection.spatialCoordinates.z/1000)
            cv2.putText(frame, coords, (bbox[0], y + 60), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1, (0, 0, 0), 8)
            cv2.putText(frame, coords, (bbox[0], y + 60), cv2.FONT_HERSHEY_TRIPLEX, 1, (255, 255, 255), 2)

Changing color order
""""""""""""""""""""

> I have noticed that end result wasn't very accurate. This can be a result of variety of things (model is just inaccurate,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I noticed that the end result wasn't very accurate. This can be a result of variety of things (model is just inaccurate,
```
